In the last lecture, we got started with our custom visual, we set up our development environment
and we can see our own visual
here in Power BI service which is again where we will stay for development.
But now it would be nice to see the code which was created and for that, we need a code editor.
Now if you already have your preferred editor, feel free to skip ahead,
I can strongly recommend the Visual Studio Code editor by Microsoft,
it's great for working with Typescript which is exactly what we'll be doing and it is free.
Now you can simply visit code.visualstudio.com and then download the version for Windows.
Now I already do have it on my machine so I won't walk through the installer,
it's super simple though.
So let's open that tool now and it should look something like this once you opened it. You can then click
open folder or file open folder to open a new project and then select that bar chart folder you created.
Now once you did this, you will see all the files and folder in this project folder here on the left.
For us the most important file is in the source subfolder, the visual.ts file, .ts for Typescript.
This file contains all the Typescript code, the code which is responsible for displaying our visual
and that it looks like it looks like,
right. Now I'd say a great next step is to understand what this code actually does,
so how it does lead to this visual we have before we dive into all the other files and folders and understand
what else we do we have here.